Init update (#1)
sweetmantech/docs-in-process: docs/pages/index.mdx

<HomePage.Root>
  <HomePage.Logo />

>   <HomePage.Tagline>InProcess Docs</HomePage.Tagline>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <HomePage.Tagline>In Process Docs</HomePage.Tagline>
```

  <HomePage.InstallPackage name="vocs" type="init" />

>   <HomePage.Description>This is the documentation home for InProcess.</HomePage.Description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <HomePage.Description>This is the documentation home for In Process.</HomePage.Description>
```
